1. AS a student, I WANT TO track the progress of my tasks SO THAT I can keep track of my work progress
User story analysis
      User can create personal notes that contain their tasks
      User can keep track of their tasks through these notes - task description, task due date, and task detail
      Tasks can be placed on a timeline/calendar User can view their progress on a higher level through this timeline - how many % of a big task is done, or what needs to be done in order for the task to be completed
This user story is analyzed and defined into 2 smaller features:
#16 (closed) creates a timeline for the user to assign their tasks into
#17 (closed) enables user to create personal notes and other kind of tasks
#23 (closed) Feature: Tracking tasks progress
 
2. AS a freelance graphic designer, I WANT TO create a project timeline SO THAT I can stay on top of deadlines
Acceptance criteria:
 The user can create a new project timeline   
 The user can add tasks to the timeline with due dates/priorities/notes for each task   
 The user can break down the project into smaller tasks or milestones.   

This user story is analyzed and defined into 2 smaller features:
#16 (closed) Feature: Timeline/calendar
#23 (closed) Feature: Tracking tasks progress

3. AS a lecturer, I WANT TO perform advanced data analysis SO THAT I can monitor my productivity, student engagement.
Acceptance criteria:      
 The user can perform data analysis based on events that happened in a defined period.   
 Access to relevant data sources, including lecture attendance records, assignment grades, student participation logs, etc.   
 Implement advanced data analysis algorithms or tools capable of processing large datasets.   
 Generate comprehensive reports on lecturer productivity metrics, such as time spent on lecture preparation, grading, and student interaction.   
 Visualize data analysis results using charts, graphs, or dashboards for easy interpretation.   
This user story will be analyzed later due to low priority

4. AS A student, I WANT TO note down my ideas SO THAT I can brainstorm using the notes
Acceptance criteria:      
 The user is able to create and manage notes.   
 Enable quick search functionality to find specific notes or ideas.   
 Ensure data security and privacy measures to protect sensitive information.   
The user story is analyzed and defined into this feature:
#17 (closed) Feature: Create personal notes


5. AS a student, I WANT TO create different categories, SO THAT I can categorize my notes
Acceptance criteria:
 The user can define different "categories" (e.g., study, work)   
 The user can assign their notes to the category they want   
 Each note can belong to multiple different categories   
 The product has a function to link categories   
 The product has a global search/filter/sort function to find notes by name/date/topic/etc.   

This user story is analyzed and defined into this feature:
#19 Feature: Item categorization

6. AS A student, I WANT TO add my own task into the journal, SO THAT I can track my weekly schedule
 The product has a function to add individual tasks as todo/schedule items   
 Product has a timeline/calendar. Can work in a daily/weekly/monthly manner   
 Product's tasks can be placed onto the timeline         
 The tasks can be toggle between different states (todo, doing, done)

7. AS a lecturer, I WANT TO plan and manage my lectures/assignments schedule for multiple courses SO THAT I can ensure a smooth academic semester
Acceptance criteria:
 Ability to create and manage schedules for multiple courses within the same platform.   
 Input options for course details such as course name, code, and description.   
 Capability to add lecture dates, times, topics, and locations for each course.   
 Notifications or reminders for upcoming lectures and assignment deadlines.   
This user story is analyzed and defined into these features:
#5 Feature: Scheduling
#16 (closed) Feature: Timeline/calendar
#23 (closed) Feature: Tracking tasks progress
 
--- ADDITIONAL ---
8. AS a student, I WANT TO to view my tasks and notes in a timeline SO THAT I know what to do each day
9. AS a student, I WANT TO easily search for my notes with customizable filters SO THAT I can find what I need to
10. AS a student, I WANT TO customize my profile with rewards from completing tasks SO THAT I can stand out from other users